At that left end of the room is all kinds
of toys.
So, paddle benches and a St. Andrew’s cross
and a few other accoutrements.
It’s not big room, probably no more than
15 by 20, but you can bet there’s got to
be 30 to 35 people in that room.
So, it’s quite congested, but even within
the congestion, they’re making space for each other.
Like, everybody’s smiling.
There’s people standing in the doorway,
looking in, trying to get a peek at what’s
going on.
The body heat in the place is just cranking
up.
It’s got to be 78 to 80 degrees in there,
and people are peeling off clothes to accommodate
the warmth and each other.
The different shaped bodies, it’s like an
array of colours, and ethnicities, and sizes,
and activities.
And you’re just kind of standing there thinking,
“Wow, this is what it’s supposed to be
like to go have fun without shame and without
any kind of bodily judgment.”
And just, just fucking have fun.
And you know, all of the sounds of sex.
Flesh thumping against flesh, and the kind
of squeegee wet sounds, and the little teeny
sounds of people coming and then the great
big sounds of people coming.
And then, the people who are on that edge,
who can’t quite get to it and there’s
that kind of tremor of waiting to go over
the edge.
It’s pure joy.
Pure joy.
I think there’s that moment when you’re
in that space when you’re with somebody
where you’re just...
Your naked skin is touching their naked skin,
and it just feels like the peak of humanity.
That moment, it’s divine.
You’re connected at a deeper level, and
you’re just in a...
It’s hard to describe.
I remember coming out of Pussy Palaces thinking,
I had such gratitude.
You know, I was exhausted.
I was kind of used and used up, and fatigued
and dazed from the hours.
Like, you would be there for seven and eight
hours straight, and you’d come out just
rung out, but stupefying-ly joyful.
You couldn’t say thank you enough to the
organizers.